Sorry Mr. Li
That's okay.
Secretary Wang
You didn't rest well yesterday, did you?
Do you want to give you a day off?
No need for Mr. Li
You have a very important party tonight
I'm going to arrange it myself
Your nerves are too tight
It's just dinner.
Details determine success or failure
It was taught by Mr. Li
Yeah.
Divorced brother
Why don't you eat first?
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Mr. Huang, you are busy first.
Mr. Li, I'm going to the bathroom first
You eat first
Can you open another bottle of wine by the way?
Are you drugged?
Better hurry up without you
Or I'll throw your pornographic photos down from the roof
I see.
Wait a minute.
Give it to me.
Mr. Li
Sorry.
come